# DID NOT SOLVE #

lololol i sucked this ctf literally got nothing 💀
anyways I at least want to write down what i do 

ok so for this challenge we are given a pcapng file, challenge goes as following:
lady lends her computer to a friend, she downloads something with a p2p windows protocal (FTP,SMFP...?)
not long after that though, one of her important docs on her computer goes missing
just at first glance, lots of packets captured, roughly twenty thousand.

first thing I would change about my approach is instead of jumping straight in with a tool like wireshark, I learned
about this tool, called networkminer, which does a lot of the brute work first, like identify devices communicating,
their address+MAC's, and any potential weird stuff on the network.           USE NETWORKINGMINER

one thing to note abt this tool is that the free version does not deal with pcapng files, so in wireshark i had to export
the file as a pcap in order to convert it, I do not know to much on how this effects the information in the capture, 
but something to keep in mind.

additionally, one thing that someone else noticed that I didn't was how many packets the host machine was sending out
it was like a crazy amount. the networkminer tool showed that but I did not immediatly catch that, noting this done for 
next time bc it actually build a lot of the story of the flag 

i also was not about to find the packets refering scapy lib (python tool for packet manipulation), look out for that
ONE COOL SEARCH ITEM IN WIRESHARK...
data    (feel a little silly, but it shows any ascii values being sent in packets 🔥)

OH ONE THING I JUST THOUGHT ABT, in some of the packets I saw extraction of in xml format, guess what certain document 
types like docx use to format....    XML! damn wish i was thinking like this 24 hours ago

that was abt as far I got in this chall, spent roughly 5+ hours with no result but I learned a decent amount so win win
I want to return to this one later in the week to see if i can make some more progess, either with looking at a writeup or not.



I did attempt to do a few other challenges, but nothing of result really came out of them.
github challenge (doxxed) was pretty interesting, I felt like i was on the right path / even close to the flag but i just
couldnt find the commit 
learned: forks of repos can be deleted, but fork history is maintained for the owner of the fork
what i did: found the public forked repo, then the original repo (notevilcorp/tools), and did a lot sniffing with the
network activity in the insights section, and a bunch of other stuff, but to no avail.

feel like i should write more but eh im tired long weekend :C